added Technical Requirements for installing PHP and Composer (#214)
mezzio/mezzio: docs/book/v3/getting-started/quick-start.md

prompts you to choose a router, dependency injection container, template
renderer, and error handler from the outset.

> ## Technical Requirements
> 
> Before getting started with Mezzio, you must:
> 
> - Install one of the supported PHP versions, using the [generic installation from source](https://www.php.net/manual/en/install.php)
> - Install [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/download/), which is used to install PHP packages.
> 
> > You can find the supported versions of PHP in the `require` section of the `composer.json` file.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Technical Requirements

Before getting started with Mezzio, you will need to:

- Install a supported version of PHP. You can find [PHP installation instructions on the PHP website](https://www.php.net/manual/install.php)
- Install [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/download/). Composer is PHP's de facto standard package manager. All Mezzio packages require installation via Composer.

> You can find supported versions of PHP in the `require` section of the `composer.json` file.

```

> In that case, alter the above example as follows:
>
> - Add the statement `use Laminas\Diactoros\Response\HtmlResponse;` to the `use`
    >   statements at the top of the file.
> - Alter the response creation to read:

>     >   ```php

Reviewer: This indentation is wrong - can you just revert the changes here?

> - Add the statement `use Laminas\Diactoros\Response\HtmlResponse;` to the `use`
>   statements at the top of the file.
> - Alter the response creation to read:

> >  ```php

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>
>  ```php
```
